tech q a windows 10 scam the new verizon plan facebook app and more
file photo. (reuters/shannon stapleton)dangerous windows 10 scamq. i was going to wait a while to upgrade my computer to windows 10, but i just got an email from update @ microsoft.com with the upgrade attached. should i just go ahead and install it now or keep waiting?a. stop right there! the email you got is a dangerous scam that's spreading around the internet. as a rule, never download and run unsolicited email attachments. if you download and run the "upgrade" file, you'll install a ransomware virus that locks every file on your computer. to get the files back, you can pay the hackers who made the virus or jump through a bunch of technical hoops. the real windows 10 upgrade is handled through the white windows icon in your taskbar's notification area, not email. before you install, find out if windows 10 is right for you and your pc. already installed windows 10? read to the end for a cool secret you don't want to miss.is verizon's new plan cheaper?q. i heard that verizon is dropping two-year contracts. what is that going to do to plan prices?a. it depends on a few things. the monthly cost for data ($30 for 1 gigabyte, $40 for 2 gigabytes, etc.) and each gadget "line" ($20 per smartphone) is staying roughly the same. because verizon no longer offers subsidized phones, your monthly cost should be lower because you're not paying off your phone each month. however, you'll either need to buy a phone upfront, which could cost $300 to $700, or set up monthly financing. if you keep your phone for longer than two years, though, you will see savings. you can also buy used phones online to use with your plan and save that way. click here for more details on how verizon's new plans work, and how you could end up paying a lot more if you aren't careful.tag, you're not itq. my friends keep tagging me in photos and status updates on facebook that i don't want associated with me. what can i do?a. ask them to stop. you should also tweak your facebook settings so you can approve tags before they go live. click at the top right of any facebook page and select settings>>timeline and tagging. under "who can add things to my timeline?" make sure "review posts..." is turned on. now you can stop things before they go live. learn more about tweaking your tagging settings and two other important privacy tips.taming the facebook appq. whenever i have the facebook app open on my iphone, even if i'm not using it, it seems to kill my battery life. is there a fix?a. facebook uses your phone's location service to help you check in to places, create location-specific posts and find nearby friends. it also drains the battery like crazy. to turn off your facebook location preferences, you need to open the iphone settings. from there, select privacy>>location services>>facebook. select "while using the app" to keep it from running in the background or "never" if you don't use any of facebook's location features. learn more settings you'll want to change to get the most from your facebook app on apple. and if you use android, i've got you covered, too.better youtube video sharingq. i'm trying to share some youtube videos with my family, but i only want to send them short segments from long videos. how can i do that?a. to create a short segment from a youtube video, you'll need a third-party site like tubechop. you can quickly load a youtube video, set the beginning and end points and then create a link to share. it's simple. of course, if you only need to set a start time for a video, go to the youtube video and put it at the starting point you want. then right-click on the video and choose "get video url at current time." copy and share the link it gives you and you're done. click here for five more amazing youtube secrets you should try.bonus: bring 'godmode' to windows 10q. in windows 7, i was able to create a folder that gave me access to every windows setting in one place. is there anything like that in windows 10?