tech q a mute facebook notifications save money on printer ink and more
illustration picture. (reuters/kacper pempel)mute annoying facebook notificationsq. i have a lot of political friends on facebook who comment on my posts, so i'm constantly hearing that annoying notification sound. is there a way i can turn it off?a. yes, you can turn off facebook's notification sounds. click the upside-down triangle in the upper right-hand corner of the facebook page, then choose "settings." in the left column, select "notifications." where it says "on facebook," click the "view" link and uncheck "play a sound." then click the "save changes" button. that's it! now read nine more helpful facebook tricks including how to find hidden messages in your facebook mail.keep an eye on an aging parentq. my mother is older with mounting medical problems. i'm worried about her living alone, but i don't want to hurt her independence. is there a way i can keep an eye on her remotely?a. first, talk to your mom about your concerns. ask her if it would be alright to install an internet-enabled security camera in her kitchen. this way, you can check on your mom using your computer, tablet, or smartphone. get a model that has built-in audio so you can talk to her or hear if there are problems. pan and tilt controls let you watch a wide area. click here for more ways tech helps care for an aging parent, from medication reminders to emergency alert systems.do you need a smartwatch?q. what does a smartwatch do exactly? will it replace my smartphone?a. there are actually several kinds of smartwatches. a few like the moto 360 and samsung gear live include cellular so they can be smartphone-independent. however, given the small screen and slow processing, they aren't true smartphone replacements. other options like the apple watch and lg g watch r require a smartphone to do most tasks, including making phone calls and sending texts. the gadgets connect over bluetooth to display notifications and communications, send back health information like your heartbeat, and do some basic smartphone controlling. consider smartwatches as enhancements for your smartphone rather than replacements. here's a handy chart showing how some of the smartwatches currently on the market stack up.see every google search you’ve madeq. i heard you say on your radio show the other day that google records every search i make. you told us how to erase it, but i don't remember. can you tell me again?a. google does record everything you search for, along with everything else you do while using google services, programs and apps. to see and clear your search history, go to history.google.com and sign in. then click the gear icon in the upper right corner of the page and choose "settings." move the slider next to "your searches and browsing activity" to the left.google will ask if you really want to pause recording. click the "pause" button to confirm. of course, that's just the search history. find out how to see every piece of information google has ever recorded about you.completely remove computer programsq. i've uninstalled a few computer programs lately, but the icons are still on the desktop and some of their folders are still hanging around. i can remove these leftovers manually, but i shouldn't have to. is there something i'm missing when it comes to uninstalling software?a. windows doesn't always do a good job of removing every trace of software you no longer want. fortunately, there are third-party programs that do. check out powerful free programs like revo uninstaller and geekuninstaller. they pick up what windows leaves behind.bonus tip: a font to save money on printer inkq. it feels like i'm spending a fortune on printer ink. are there any ways to use less when i print?