tech q a upgrade your modem quitting facebook for good
illustration photo. (reuters/kacper pempel)when to upgrade your cable modemq: my cable modem is a few years old. do the manufacturers ever update these gadgets?a: good question, because many people forget their modem even exists, unless there’s a power outage and they have to reboot. the short answer is yes; companies often upgrade their hardware every few years. as download speeds increase, companies have to provide more sophisticated modems. what you want to know is whether your modem is keeping up with the demands of your service. you can contact your cable company, of course, but you may be able to skip the phone call if you know what you’re looking for. click here to learn about the docsis 3.0 and whether your modem is up to speed.using apple for the first timeq: i just switched from windows to mac after using windows for 20 years. do you have any pointers for this new apple user?a: switching to apple does take some adjustment. you’ll find a lot of things are similar, including many of the programs, but the layout and appearance can be dizzyingly different. you’re so accustomed to the “start” icon and the “insert” key that you wonder what you’ll do without them. don’t worry: apple is famous for its intuitive design, and you’ll figure everything out in no time. but there are certain tricks to help you through those first few days. click here for three troubleshooting tips i give every newbie mac user. 5 things you didn’t know your tablet can dohack-proof your life: 5 key steps to boost your safety online7 steps to make more room on your android phonehow to delete your linkedin profilefixing a smart tv’s resolutionq: my smart tv’s picture isn’t as good as it used to be. what can i do to fix it?a: when a smart tv has problems, it feels like a betrayal. didn’t you buy this particular device so you wouldn’t have to think about it? how smart can it be if the tv has issues? but problems with the tv’s screen resolution should be easy to sort out, and you fix a smart tv much the same way you fix a regular tv: through its picture settings. many people assume that a television is a static machine, but you can modify almost every aspect of its image and sound. just like your digital photo software, you can change the brightness, contrast and color of your screen. click here to find out exactly how to improve your smart tv’s image quality.help for a new year’s resolutionq: i’ve never made a budget that i kept. but now that i am getting older, i really need to start managing my money. help me so my parents stop lecturing me!a: the good news is that there are apps and programs to get you on the right path. but these don’t do all the heavy lifting. it's a lot of effort to keep track of every purchase you make. i like to recommend different methods for tracking your finances, but all of them do one important thing: they let you visualize how much you're spending and saving every month. click here for apps and programs to help you make a budget and stick to it.quitting facebook for goodq: i am done with facebook. how can i delete my account?